Alright! In this video, what we want to
do is we want to go in and we are going
to tackle number 46 here, the create
visit map service. This is an entity that
we added late in the process, so I'm
going to go ahead and assign that to
myself and we will get started on that
so I'm going to come over here to
IntelliJ now. It's going to be in the
the data, so remember we have the
models. We have the Visit entity, so we're
going to create a map service for this.
Let's go ahead and bring up the
OwnerMapService and take a look at
what we did there, so just as a reminder,
what we did is we extended out the
AbstractMapService and we implemented
the OwnerService, so I'm going to split
screen this just so we have it as
reference.
I'm going to copy this, like so.
Let's see here.
We are going to need a visit service,
so come in here and create a VisitService.
We need to create that interface so
we'll be implementing.
Remember, the VetService, that
implements the CrudService with the
type and Long so we'll go ahead and say...
like so. So that creates the interface
for us. Let's go and start on the
implementation.
I'm just
going to follow the naming convention
here so we have VetMapService,
SpecialtyMapService so I'm going to say
VisitMapService, and say okay.
We won't import
those because we want to change those
so our VisitMapService is are going to
extend out our AbstractMapService.
We want to make that Visit. That is
going to implement the
VisitService. Get rid of that owner
import. Now we need to go ahead and
implement those.
I'm just using IntelliJ to say
implement the methods, so these are the
different methods that we have to
implement. Down at the bottom of the
screen, I'm showing you where we have the
actual service available so or one of
the written services.
So for this, that Set is going to be a
Visit.
Let's simply implement the findAll.
This is going to implement a Visit.
An id property is going to be a Long. We
can see here, that we are just going to do
the super on that.
Just going through
implementing these.
Now a Visit should not ever have a Visit.
Let's take a quick look at the Visit.
Visit entity here.
That's already open. So a Visit
just as a description but it also has a
Pet.
A Pet is a little more of a complex
object. Pet is going to belong to an
Owner. We don't want to get into
persisting all that, so we can make a
rule like this is our own class that
we're implementing. You can see here,
we are allowing the owner to have pets
added in and we'd persist the pets with
that. But here, we don't have enough
information to actually persist the
owner. So on this case, we are going to be
taking a...
and we'll be taking in that object
that's going to be a Visit. I'm just
going to rename that.
We can say if visit.getPet()
or a visit...
I'm just putting in some tests here to say
if the visit pet is null, or if the visit
pet owner is null, or a visit.getPet.
getId() equals null,
I'm just going to say new....
I'm just saying we need to have those
properties in here.
IntelliJ is warning me that I have
a duplicate there, so I'm saying if the
pet is null or if the owner is null or
if the pet ID is null or if the pet
owner ID is null, we're going to throw an
exception there. We just want to
make sure that we have all that
stuff in there before we try to save
this visit, so that's going to be a
validation for our map implementation. So
now, what we can do here is
and so our superclass, the abstract
map class that we have, is going to go
ahead and implement that.
We're going to take in a Visit.
That implements that. That's also going
to take in a Long property.
And now we're going to say deleteById(). That's going to take an ID property and now everything's happy
there.
We can see here that we've come and
implemented, This one was pretty simple. I
just set up a little defensive coding
there to make sure that we do have a
properly formed object coming in. So we
are doing some validation. That's some
very basic validation. We want to make
sure that we do have a proper object
coming into our save method so that will
work out for us.
At this point, I'm going to consider
at this task done. We might have to
revisit it. We may have to enhance it.
This is number 46. We'll go ahead and
close that.
I'm going to go ahead and commit and
push that up to the GitHub.
That's going up
there and that should close out the task
for us here in a second.
I think I forgot to tag the issue there,
so I'm going to go ahead and close that
out.
That was my mistaken, not adding the
number 46 to the commit message.
Otherwise, I would have closed out
automatically inside a GitHub.